Dockerize the app (#14)
wassuphq/wassup: docs/setup/building-docker-image.md

> Follow the steps to build and run your own Docker container of wassup.

Author: Please review the new title.

> The ready-to-serve Docker image will be online later.

Author: Umm, that would be more direct in terms of getting Wassup working as fast as possible... Would that still be okay with the idea of using the build context?

> The ready-to-serve Docker image will be online later.

Reviewer: > Would that still be okay with the idea of using the build context?

Well, that's the default way to build an image automatically on hub.docker.com. We connect the GitHub repository and configure it to build an image automatically whenever a new commit is pushed to the specified branch. Docker hub clones the code and uses it to be used as the build context. That's what I assume must be happening. I do not know what are the downsides of this approach.

0. (Required) First, obtain your SSL certificate.

> 0. (Optional) If you don't have a PostgreSQL server with SSL running, setup one with the command:

Reviewer: Should be step `2.`?

```
docker run -d --name wassup_postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password_here \
  -v "/path/to/server.crt:/var/lib/postgresql/server.crt:ro" \
  -v "/path/to/server.key:/var/lib/postgresql/server.key:ro" \
  postgres:alpine \
  -c ssl=on \
  -c ssl_cert_file=/var/lib/postgresql/server.crt \
  -c ssl_key_file=/var/lib/postgresql/server.key
```

> 1. Clone https://github.com/wassuphq/wassup.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Clone the latest Wassup code using  `git clone https://github.com/wassuphq/wassup.git`.
```

2. `cd wassup`

> 3. Prepare your wassup's `data` folder. It can be anywhere, just make sure to put in there 2 SSL certificate files: privatekey file and cert file. Follow letsencrypt instructions to learn more about obtaining the files. If you already have, take note of the file names to put in the ENVs called WASSUP_SSL_KEY_PATH & WASSUP_SSL_CERT_PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Prepare your wassup's `data` folder. It can be anywhere, just make sure to put in there 2 SSL certificate files: private key file and cert file obtained in step # 1. above. If you already have these cert files on your computer, set the environment variables `SSL_KEY_PATH` and `SSL_CERT_PATH` with the fully qualified path to these cert files accordingly.
```

Author: Actually this was my mistake. The SSL_KEY_PATH should be a fixed path inside the container.

Author: I've thought of having a mount to the certs that is readonly, but the file names still have to be specified. So the idea of having an external folder for the SSL certs (and other data later) is not too unreasonable.. maybe?

> 4. Now you're ready to build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Build the Docker image using the command: 
```

`docker build -t wassup .`

> 5. Run the built image. Remember to adjust the --mount path, all the environment variables -e, especially DATABASE_URL, along with the file names (privkey.pem & fullchain.pem, change those to your file names. Remember, file names, not location).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Now the Docker image built step # 4 above can be run in a container. Remember to adjust the `--mount` path, all the environment variables specified using the `-e` option, especially `DATABASE_URL`, along with the file names such as `privkey.pem` and `fullchain.pem` -- change those to your file names. Remember to change the file names and not their location.
```

Reviewer: Other than for debugging or for inspection, for what other purpose someone would've to `mount` the local source code folder into the container which is running the app in the `production` environment?

I think we can have another `Dockerfile.dev` to be built and run using `docker-compose` for the local development purpose. What do you think? This can be a separate task though.

> More infomation about the environment variables is available [here](https://github.com/wassuphq/wassup/blob/master/.env.example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details about all these environment variables can be found [here](/.env.example).
```

> # Building Docker image

Reviewer: 👍

1. First, obtain your SSL certificate. 

You can generate a free LetsEncrypt SSL certificate for your own domain at
[`https://certbot.eff.org/`](https://certbot.eff.org/) or [`https://zerossl.com/free-ssl/#crt`](https://zerossl.com/free-ssl/#crt)

Reside the cert files where you're comfortable with for future SSL certificates on your domain. 

After that, make a copy of the cert files' folder, name it "wassup_data" (or anything you want). This will be our Wassup's data folder.
Make sure in there available two SSL certificate files: a private key file and a cert file.

2. Have a PostgreSQL server with SSL running. If not, setup one with the command:

```
docker run -d --name wassup_postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password_here \
  -v "/path/to/server.crt:/var/lib/postgresql/server.crt:ro" \
  -v "/path/to/server.key:/var/lib/postgresql/server.key:ro" \
  postgres:alpine \
  -c ssl=on \
  -c ssl_cert_file=/var/lib/postgresql/server.crt \
  -c ssl_key_file=/var/lib/postgresql/server.key
```

3. Clone the latest Wassup code using  `git clone https://github.com/wassuphq/wassup.git`.

4. `cd wassup`

5. Build the Docker image using the command: 

`docker build -t wassup .`

> 6. Now the Docker image built step # 5 above can be run in a container. Remember to adjust the `--mount` path to your "wassup_data" folder, all the environment variables 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Now the Docker image that was built in step # 5 above can be run in a container. Remember to adjust the `--mount` path to your "wassup_data" folder, all the environment variables 
```
